  Smarter way to learn JavaScript exercise lec 1 Variables for Numbers
Q1 I'll give you one exercise at a time. 
After you give your answer for each exercise,
 I'll give you another exercise. When you get one wrong,
  I'll let you know. Later in the session, I'll circle back to that exercise to give you another try.
What is the keyword that displays a message box?

Answer:  alert

Q2 Type the character that ends every statement.
Answer:  ;

Q3 Type the 2 characters that are missing in this statement.
alert"You're learning JavaScript!";
Answer:  ()

Q4 A __________ ends in a semicolon.
Answer:statement


Q6 Click in the box and type the next character. I'll autocomplete. Don't type spaces.
Code an alert that displays the message "Thanks for everything!"

Answer:     alert("Thanks for everything!");

Q7 Fail-safe coding. If you type the wrong character, I'll cancel the keystroke. Type spaces.
Code an alert that displays the message "Boo!"

Answer: alert("Boo!");

Q8 The code displays a box with a message in it. Fill in the blank.
______("You won!");
Answer: alert

Q9 The code displays a box with a message in it. Fill in the blank.
alert("You won!____
Answer:   ");

Q10 Code an alert that displays the message "Hi"
Answer alert("Hi");

Q11 What are the 5 punctuation characters of an alert statement, in order?
Answer:("");

Q12 Code an alert statement displaying any message you like.
Answer:alert("Hello world!");

Q13 Time goal: 10 seconds. The code displays a box with a message in it. Fill in the blank.
alert("You won!____
Answer: ");


Q14 Time goal: 20 seconds. Code an alert that displays the message "Hi"
Answer:alert("Hi");

Q15 Time goal: 20 seconds. What are the 5 punctuation characters of an alert statement, in order?
Answer:  ("");

Q16 Time goal: 25 seconds. Code an alert statement displaying any message you like.
Answer:alert("Abdul Sami");

Q17 Time goal: 25 seconds. Code an alert statement that displays your full name.
Answer:alert("Abdul Sami Wadho");

Q18 Live coding exercise: Code an alert with the message "Hello world!"
Then click the Run It button to run your code live. Type out the code.
If you copy and paste it from the screen showing the correct code, it may not work.

Answer:alert("Hello world!");

Q19 Live coding exercise: Code an alert with any message you like. Then click the Run It button to run your code live.
 Type out the code. If you copy and paste it from the screen showing the correct code, it may not work.

Answer:alert("It's been a long time");

Q20 A __________ ends in a semicolon.
Answer:statement











    Smarter way to learn JavaScript exercise lec 2 Variables for Numbers

Q1 In the following code, "Mark" is a string. What is name (answer with 1 word)?
var name = "Mark";
Answer: variable

Q2 In one word, if it is enclosed in quotation marks, what is it?
Answer: string
Q3 What is the keyword that declares a variable?
Answer: var

Q4 This statement...
userName = "buddy5000";
...is correct only if the variable has already been _______.
Answer:declared

Q5 Drag-and-drop. Holding down the left mouse button, 
drag the pieces of code onto the screen to form a statement that 
declares the variable punchline and assigns a value to it.
Answer:var = "the accountant. punchline";

Q6 Click in the box and type the next character. I'll autocomplete. Don't type spaces.
In a single statement, declare the variable nickname and assign the string "Satchmo" to it.
Answer:var nickname = "Satchmo";

Q7 Fail-safe coding. If you type the wrong character, I'll cancel the keystroke. Type spaces.
Declare the variable teamName.
Answer: var teamName;

Q8 In a single statement declare a variable and assign a string of your choice to it. 
(You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer:var salary ="increased";

Q9 Declare a variable. (You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var name;

Q10 Assign a string of your choice to a variable of your choice that has already been declared. 
(You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer:  last_name="jack";

Q11 This statement has already been coded.
var bestMan = "Charlie";
Assign the variable a new string.
Answer: bestMan = "SAMI";

Q12 Declare a variable without defining it. Then, in a second statement, assign it a string. 
 (You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var city;
city = "Boston";

Q13 Time goal: 30 seconds. (The timer starts when you click in the answer field.) 
In a single statement declare a variable of your choice and assign a string of your choice to it. 
You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.
 (The timer starts when you click in the answer field.)
Answer:var countryname="Pakistan";

Q14 Time goal: 15 seconds. Declare a variable of your choice.
 (You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var age=15;

Q15 Time goal: 20 seconds. Assign a string of your choice to a variable of your choice that has already been declared. (You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer:district="larkana";

Q16 Time goal: 20 seconds. This statement has already been coded.
var bestMan = "Charlie";
Assign the variable a new string of your choice
Answer: bestMan="jack";

Q17 Time goal: 35 seconds. Declare a variable of your choice without defining it. 
Then, in a second statement, assign it a string of your choice. 
(You've learned only one rule for naming variables so far, so it's the only one I'll hold you to.)
Answer:var district
district="larkana";

Q18 Time goal: 40 seconds. In the first statement declare a variable of your choice and assign it a string of your choice. In the second statement change the value of the variable to a different string of your choice.
Answer: var district="larkana";
district="karachi";

Q19 Live coding exercise: Declare a variable of your choice and assign it a string of your choice. Then code an alert, specifying the variable, not the string, as the message. Click the Run It button to run your code live. Type out the code, don't copy and paste it. If you copy and paste it from the screen showing the correct code, it may not work.
Answer: var name="sami";
alert("name");

Q20 Live coding exercise: Declare a variable of your choice and assign it a string that's exactly the same as the variable name, but enclosed in quotation marks so JavaScript recognizes it as a string. Then code an alert, specifying the variable, not the string, as the message. Click the Run It button to run your code live. Type out the code, don't copy and paste it. If you copy and paste it from the screen showing the correct code, it may not work.
Answer:var school="SSC";
alert("school");




    
                        Smarter way to learn JavaScript exercise lec 3 Variables for Numbers

Q1 You can assign a string to a variable. You can also assign a ______.
Answer: number

Q2 If a number is enclosed in quotes, it's a ______.
Answer: string


Q3 What kind of operation can be done on a number variable that, in one particular case, can't be done on a string variable?
    Answer with a 4-letter word. (It would be a five-letter word in British usage.)
Answer: math

Q4 What is the value of orderTotal?
var merchTotal = 100;
var shippingCharge = 10;
var orderTotal = merchTotal + shippingCharge;
Answer: 110

Q5 Drag-and-drop. Holding down the left mouse button, 
    drag the pieces of code onto the screen to form a statement that declares a variable and assigns a value to it.
Answer: var nicebigNumber =100000;

Q6 Click in the box and type the next character. I'll autocomplete. Don't type spaces.
   In a single statement, declare the variable numberAsString and assign the number 3 to it as a string.
Answer: var numberAsString = "3"

Q7 Fail-safe coding. If you type the wrong character, I'll cancel the keystroke. Type spaces.
Assign to the variable caseQty, which has already been declared, the value 144.
Answer:  caseQty = 144 ;

Q8 In a single statement declare a variable and assign a number to it. 
(You've learned only two rules for naming variables so far—no quotes and no initial number—so they're the only ones I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var age =18;

Q9 In a single statement declare a variable and assign to it the sum of 2 other variables.
   (You've learned only two rules for naming variables so far, so they're the only ones I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var last_name="Abdul"+"Sami"

Q10 Rewrite this statement so the variable can be used in a math operation.
var num = "9";
Answer: var num = 9;

Q11 Assign the sum of 2 numbers to a variable, which hasn't been declared beforehand. 
    (You've learned only two rules for naming variables so far, so they're the only ones I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var age = 12 + 6;

Q12 In one statement declare a variable. In a second statement assign it the sum of 2 numbers. 
   (You've learned only two rules for naming variables so far, so they're the only ones I'll hold you to.)
Answer: var sum  
        sum = 12+6
  
Q13  Time goal: 20 seconds. (The timer starts when you click in the answer field.)
    In a single statement declare a variable and assign a number to it. 
    You've learned only two rules for naming variables so far—no quotes and no initial number—so they're the only ones I'll hold you to. 
    (The timer starts when you click in the answer field.)
Answer: var sum =12
